[Music]
Phoebe it's gonna be Monica's maid of
honor hey I hope it goes better than the
last time you did it for that girl
downstairs remember what you have been
maid of honor before you see this is
exactly why you shouldn't lie that's it
I am maid of honor no I am you are
because I cared enough to lie I could
help you decide you should do it yeah we
could have like a like an audition and
see how you'd handle maid of honor type
situations what are you talking about
like when I want a job I go to an
audition and if I'm the best of the
people they see they give me the part
okay so after this audition who decides
who gets it oh uh me and Ross could be
the judges well it's better than us
deciding oh come on this is crazy can't
we just flip a coin no coins hate me
okay fine you know what we will let Ross
and Joey decide their handsome thing
Wow this cologne really is every bit as
good as Giorgio alright this is how it's
gonna work we're gonna give you
hypothetical maid-of-honor situations
and you'll be scored on a scale of one
to ten one being the highest no 10 is
the highest why is 10 the highest
because it's the highest
okay Rachel Europe first situation
number one you're with Monica the
wedding is about to start when Monica
gets cold feet go I don't want to marry
okay okay one man the rest of my life I
don't know if I could do it this means
I'll never get to sleep with Joey
Monica getting cold feet is very common
you know it's just because of all the
anticipation and you just have to
remember that you love Chandler and also
I ran out on a wedding you don't get to
keep the gifts very good drawing on your
own experience very nice Rachel Thank
You judges
kiss-ass Oh
okay Phoebe yes your honor we're now in
the ceremony
Monica is about to say I do when her
drunk uncle starts yelling what do you
do Go Go was a little girl
oh don't redo it
excellent perfect store a minute she
just made a scene in the middle of the
ceremony hey you want a little taste of
Pheebs
it is time for you to give your maid of
honor speech oh wait a minute we haven't
even proposed that okay okay okay um a
Webster's dictionary defines marriage as
I met Monica I met Monica when we were
just a couple of six-year-olds and
became friends with Chandler when he was
25 although he seemed like a
six-year-old
I've known them separately and I've
known them together and and to know them
as a couple is to know that you are
truly in the presence of love so I would
like to raise my glass to Monica and
Chandler and the beautiful adventure
they are about to embark upon together I
can think of no two people better
prepared for the journey really was okay
Phoebe I guess you're next although I
really don't see the point
[Music]
okay I can't believe that Monica and
Chandler are getting married I remember
talking about this day with Rachel
while we were showering together naked
and she's back in the game